# A-Unifying-Multi-sampling-ratio-CS-MRI-Framework-With-Two-grid-cycle-Correction-and-Geometric-Prior

This repository contains the CS-MRI reconstruction pytorch codes for the following paper：  
Xiaohong Fan, Yin Yang, Ke Chen, Jianping Zhang*, Ke Dong, “A Unifying Multi-sampling-ratio CS-MRI Framework With Two-grid-cycle Correction and Geometric Prior Distillation”. arXiv, 2022. [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.07062) 

Abstract: CS is an efficient method to accelerate the acquisition of MR images from under-sampled k-space data. Although existing deep learning CS-MRI methods have achieved considerably impressive performance, explainability and generalizability continue to be challenging for such methods since most of them are not flexible enough to handle multi-sampling-ratio reconstruction assignments, often the transition from mathematical analysis to network design not always natural enough. In this work, to tackle explainability and generalizability, we propose a unifying deep unfolding multi-sampling-ratio CS-MRI framework, by merging advantages of model-based and deep learning-based methods. The combined approach offers more generalizability than previous works whereas deep learning gains explainability through a geometric prior module. Inspired by multigrid algorithm, we first embed the CS-MRI-based optimization algorithm into correction-distillation scheme that consists of three ingredients: pre-relaxation module, correction module and geometric prior distillation module. Furthermore, we employ a condition module to learn adaptively step-length and noise level from compressive sampling ratio in every stage, which enables the proposed framework to jointly train multi-ratio tasks through a single model. The proposed model can not only compensate the lost contextual information of reconstructed image which is refined from low frequency error in geometric characteristic k-space, but also integrate the theoretical guarantee of model-based methods and the superior reconstruction performances of deep learning-based methods. All physical-model parameters are learnable, and numerical experiments show that our framework outperforms state-of-the-art methods in terms of qualitative and quantitative evaluations.

These codes are built on PyTorch and tested on Ubuntu 18.04/20.04 (Python3.x, PyTorch>=0.4) with Intel Xeon CPU E5-2630 and Nvidia Tesla V100 GPU.
